Su Yang Su Yang
I thought you really had a fucking 100 million
It's a lottery ticket
Do you really think you can win the lottery?
Give me back the lottery ticket
Little fish
It was this trash who told you a secret
I'll tell you what.
He will never win the lottery in his next life
You can eat and drink spicy food if you follow me.
Do you know
Do you know?
I don't want to follow you.
I want to follow my dad
Even if dad doesn't win the lottery
I want to follow my dad too
This girl, why are you so ignorant?
What's so good about following this crap?
Sisi, don't touch it
Qin Mi Chang, I Song Yang can kneel
But when I got down on my knees
You promise you won't hit on my daughter again
Cut the crap
If you want to kneel, kneel quickly
Dad, don't kneel
We have real money.
Is Xiaoyuer alright?
Daddy! Daddy's playing games with people!
Is that okay?
Don't worry, it's not over yet.
What else do you want?
You're going to crawl around and bark like dogs.
I'll let you go after learning how to bark